[WIP] apply new cookiecutter template from `stsci-package-template` (#306)
spacetelescope/stpipe: docs/README.md

# Writing and maintaining documentation

Documentation for `stpipe` is written in [Sphinx reStructuredText (`.rst`)](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html)

> in this `docs/` directory, and is hosted online athttps://stpipe.readthedocs.io### Building documentation locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in this `docs/` directory, and is hosted online at https://stpipe.readthedocs.io
### Building documentation locally
```
Formatting does not look correct here.
